

This a model from the article:  
**A dynamic model of the cardiac ventricular action potential. I. Simulations of ionic currents and concentration changes.**   
Luo CH, Rudy Y. _Circ Res_ 1994 Jun;74(6):1071-96
[7514509](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7514509) ,  
**Abstract:**   
A mathematical model of the cardiac ventricular action potential is presented.
In our previous work, the membrane Na+ current and K+ currents were
formulated. The present article focuses on processes that regulate
intracellular Ca2+ and depend on its concentration. The model presented here
for the mammalian ventricular action potential is based mostly on the guinea
pig ventricular cell. However, it provides the framework for modeling other
types of ventricular cells with appropriate modifications made to account for
species differences. The following processes are formulated: Ca2+ current
through the L-type channel (ICa), the Na(+)-Ca2+ exchanger, Ca2+ release and
uptake by the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR), buffering of Ca2+ in the SR and in
the myoplasm, a Ca2+ pump in the sarcolemma, the Na(+)-K+ pump, and a
nonspecific Ca(2+)-activated membrane current. Activation of ICa is an order
of magnitude faster than in previous models. Inactivation of ICa depends on
both the membrane voltage and [Ca2+]i. SR is divided into two subcompartments,
a network SR (NSR) and a junctional SR (JSR). Functionally, Ca2+ enters the
NSR and translocates to the JSR following a monoexponential function. Release
of Ca2+ occurs at JSR and can be triggered by two different mechanisms,
Ca(2+)-induced Ca2+ release and spontaneous release. The model provides the
basis for the study of arrhythmogenic activity of the single myocyte including
afterdepolarizations and triggered activity. It can simulate cellular
responses under different degrees of Ca2+ overload. Such simulations are
presented in our accompanying article in this issue of Circulation Research.

This model was taken from the [CellML
repository](http://www.cellml.org/models) and automatically converted to SBML.  
The original model was: [ **Luo CH, Rudy Y. (1994) - version02**
](http://www.cellml.org/models/luo_rudy_1994_version02)

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

